In this eighth day we went to the
confrontation between the vendetta and the
holy family 'teams that
they played their classification within the
Group 1 for the playoff for the title
in these first measures of the game
the holy family 'showed more
effective and after several situations of
danger
sergio miguel opened the scoreboard for his
team with which would be the only goal of
first time
both teams had large
expectations put in this match
but although vendetta had some
opportunities no doubt who controlled the
game and endangered his opponent in
this first part was the sacred
family 'that for the moment seemed
have more goal cravings and
tools to achieve it
without too many new opportunities
clear goals from both teams
we would arrive at the end of the first time
with 0 to 1 on the scoreboard
the second part started with a
balance similar to the first time
while the hardness in the tickets was going
on the rise
and after five minutes of the second part
again sergio level increased the advantage
for his vendetta team began to
feel more comfortable in the field and few
minutes after Guillermo Dieste opened
the score of your team
in holy family he lost strength to
same rhythm that sells is won and
again
guillermo shortly after tied the
meeting
the forces had equalized and the
situations of danger flew from one to
another goal keeping a balance
that would not break until
we were five minutes from the end
the sacred family resurfaced as a bride
we live a rebound of their offensives
during these seven minutes but the
luck and carlos bottle stops
they wanted the marker not to move
and the result that for the moment
none of the two teams satisfied
exacerbated any of the entries and
reactions of the players
after this card to sergio level lived
the cell phone that took over the weight
vendetta scorer called them
ahead on the scoreboard
the party was in full boil and
the mood of players and technicians
lit
after this entry by sergio miguel el
Holy family would be left in inferiority
numerical
the tension increased between the two
equipment and it did not seem that for the time being
went to calm down
In the absence of less than two minutes
guillermo and this one that made a fantastic
public party the final 4 to 2
the last throes of tension
accumulated burst in this play that
angered more than one
James
i
with the party sentenced and barely
there was nothing more to emphasize
we interview the author of the goals of
vendetta
well the party has been
tense
bright we played the only two
quite what
position in the table matches and
they go below us we're stuck
there in the fourth position that will be a
little open gap between the area
phase by the title of the descent then
well we have started ourselves yes we are going
likes of people too
party secretary a little off center if
They have already put us two times
We materialize the goals if we put
trailer
we have managed not to share the match
and hey, it's been heating up a bit
I had placed
I insist a lot of tension with the two
teams and in the end that good in a
missing more he got from the 332 then in a
against we have already gotten ourselves into
that everyone when they were already with
a player less also with a
expulsion and then we have endured and
multimedia as we could and
finally by 4 2 and 3 points that already
we good, they give us that
tranquility of the table already of being
almost almost already stuck in the beach by
for the second phase for the title and for
we very positive because we have
got the victory with been now you will see
that improving in terms of game respect
at the beginning of the league we have gone
getting more and more into our
dynamics of
play and then I hope the second one
back then we see a little war
how much less